Hello, Gramercy Theater, the New York Comedy Festival!
I have a very good feeling about this.
Ladies and gentlemen, from New York City, in the great state of New York, Harmontown
is now in session.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Jeff, you wanted a...
That makes it...
Thank you, Arturo.
Do I owe you money, Arturo?
Yeah.
I'm being surfaced with gifts right now.
Yeah, Agent, this is a real pad, not your Nintendo bullshit.
What the fuck is going on?
Hello, New York, thank you so much for...
It couldn't be happier, you're wonderful people, I hope you're very...
I hope you're comfortable, and I just...
We're so honored and flattered, particularly...
We're sold out tonight and we're sold out tomorrow night,
and I hope that...
He's really, really, really...
I mean, you know, it's crazy.
This theater is cool, the Ramones play here?
This place is sexy as hell.
Yeah, well, every time...
Yeah, we've never had a bad experience in New York, so let's...
It's time to break that pad.
That shinks it.
But it's obviously flattering, it's the capital of the world, you know?
So when they're excited that you're coming to visit them, it feels legitimizing.
We're very happy that people like us in Los Angeles, but let's face it,
those people are fucking nincompoops.
Like, they don't know what they're doing, they're crazy people.
They are from the Midwest and they go out to a desert and they draw things
and they expect to get paid for it.
You guys are like fucking dealing with reality.
Like, 9-Eleven's happening over your shoulder.
And you're like, yeah, but still, Dan Harmon showing up would be good.
And that's a huge compliment.
Because like, getting to work without being stabbed is a big deal for you guys.
And also, like, there's cats going on.
You have shows.
You mean the play cats?
In LA, you can't...
Cats closing like 89, dude.
It doesn't matter.
If they said they wanted it back, they'd make more cats.
I'm gonna guess, I swear to God, I bet I'm right.
I bet there's a night writer show on Broadway right now.
Because if they want it, so be it.
There's a Spider-Man who's dangling all over the place.
There's a Harry Potter show on Broadway.
These guys, what I'm saying is, they can do whatever they want.
And so a hug from you really is twice as valuable as everyone that we've ever said we liked.
I really, like, you guys are...
We've sucked Portland's dick.
We've been to Austin and we've said, this is the best town in the world.
Honestly, I hope those people aren't listening right now, but it's all been a lie.
Even in our own home.
We don't like those people as much as we like you.
You guys are good, good, good, good people.
So thank you.
Glad we got that out of the way.
Now onto the show, which we don't have.
There's no show.
I don't know.
We've never had a show.
We tried to have a show for the first three Harmontowns before we recorded it.
We tried to think about guests and what we're gonna do, and then we just said, fuck it, let's just get drunk.
I did scribble some notes.
I got some notes.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, so I try to understand that...
I...
Okay, applause for the...
He has the speech impediment.
No, it's true.
I thought you thought that was CG.
Now you're in there, you're singing.
Oh, he really...
He's like, it's the king speech.
It's like, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got.
Oh, it's really cool.
I can see his lips flapping.
You all thought that Ferro Audio edited and then like remixed his...
You're singing, it's a real thing.
Do you believe in life?
No, it's real.
And...
We also auto-tune.
I, I, I...
I, I...
Are you stuck?
No, I'm...
Okay.
Now when I do it, I know I'm hearing it and it's...
I know, you don't, don't apologize.
That's beautiful.
And that's another thing about New York.
By the way, have we talked about this?
New York is the nicest fucking town.
Everyone had...
Here's what nice it is.
I came out and plugged in my, my iPod or a phone, whatever you call it,
and a dude brought me drinks.
It's the best place in the world.
It's, well, because it makes sense.
If you told somebody from Mars you'd go,
guess which is the most polite city?
Do you think it's the one where everyone's stacked on top of each other?
And, and, and that if the lights go out,
they're five seconds from cannibalism?
Like, do you think those people know their P's and Q's?
The, the Martian would go,
yeah, I would bet my money on that.
I would think that the people in Nebraska would turn out to be racist.
What was the year when the lights all went out
and everybody had a million babies?
Okay, it was the 70s though.
77.
77 this guy says.
2003 too?
No, that was...
Yeah, well...
Why do the lights keep going out in this fucking city?
Because they need power to do what they do.
They're, they're wonderful people.
The lights are controlled by big condom.
Well, there was that night that, yeah, it was like...
But who is him for that matter?
Whatever.
But, but, but, but honestly, like nicer people here, nicer encounters
because everyone has to be, well, more versed in politeness.
It's a big...
A guy on the third row said, fuck you.
It's their first night here.
She's fucked her.
She's from Austin.
She's from Austin, Texas.
But you know what?
We love her here and we accept her.
And she could be the senator of New York tomorrow if we, if we so chose.
Senators.
Okay, so I'm just looking at my notes and I just, okay, I'm trying to...
So I, on the plane, I spilled some chili on my shirt.
You had chili on the plane?
And I found out...
What plate serves chili?
Jet Blue, if you need to know.
Chili?
I'm just expressing incredulity.
Well, it's not like a big pot of it.
It looks like a guy going...
Woo-hoo!
Who, who watched Moon Kid?
Like, oh, crawdad coming out.
It was, it still gets distracted by Jet Blue's menu.
I spilled some shit on my shirt and, and I, and I was like, oh shit.
And I only brought one shirt for five days for...
Because you're a professional.
So it's like, once it, once there's chili on it, it's like there's chili on it the whole
time.
And so I was like, oh man.
And then, and then Dino said, put some salt on it.
And then, and then, and I, and I, I took some salt and I put it on it and I started rubbing
and it, like, I guess you guys probably can see that it probably didn't all go away.
But there was chili all over my shirt.
And it worked.
And, and I was like scrubbing.
I'm like, oh, is that the abrasion?
And then I was talking to Jeff about it.
And he's like, oh, that's why soda water works.
And I was like, soda, sodium?
I didn't know that for 42 years.
Sodium, soda water.
I didn't know that.
It's very exciting.
It's super exciting.
Like a little club soda will get that out because it has salt in it, because the ions, like
they want, they are hungry for chili.
But didn't, didn't they?
It's just like, it's exciting to learn things.
Didn't you learn this in the same table at the same restaurant where you've had other
epiphanies about stuff that you didn't use to know?
Well, about the courtesy flesh.
Well, okay.
All right.
So thank you.
So, so we could call this a segment.
Do you want to give it a theme song?
Just...
I didn't bring my iPad.
We're limited tonight.
Well, this is stuff, this is stuff that I've learned at 42.
I'm going to turn that down a bit.
Do you want to...
Because it is kind of exciting.
And there's, and there's two more.
Oh yeah.
So do you want to give it a theme song for real?
Dan Harmon learning things that he should have learned when he was a little younger.
See, the crowd has gone wild.
Yeah.
I don't know.
They're being very nice.
I thought that was terrible.
I think if we come to a different city, we should...
Dan Harmon is the world's coolest guy.
But what is it?
What is that?
That song is a wall of...
I know.
Again, it's a real...
I think it's our friend, Titanic's and Claire.
Well, no, I'm not questioning his talent.
I'm just like, that song is just a wall of sand.
I know.
I try to turn it down.
It's very loud.
Well, it's not about lowering the volume.
It's about picking a song that has a...
Hold your horses.
A beginning.
I'm going to pick another...
Okay.
Ready?
What's the segment called?
You pick a title.
Dan Harmon...
No, you know what?
It's not about me.
Sometimes you learn things even though you've been alive for 40 years.
It's not too late to learn.
Mammals' brains harden.
That's why sometimes you have a kitten that fetches and then you tell your friends, my
cat plays fetch and then the cat doesn't fetch anymore because its brain gets hard.
And that's most mammals, but Ben Franklin was 75 going out in the rain and like, what
will happen?
Because we are eternally children and our brains are soft and that's also results in
racism and...
That's been our show.
Thanks for coming.
Rape and murder.
Drive safely.
But we're eternally at play.
We're like, well, what would happen if I hated that guy because he's black?
But also what would happen if I flew a kite in the rain?
Hey, if you like these lights, maybe you should hate black people.
Should that segment's theme song have its own segment theme song?
Yeah.
No, that would be...
That went wrong.
I'm going to assume Ben Franklin was racist because he didn't know any better.
But that, you know, if you're black and you're listening and you like electricity, don't
be conflicted.
There's room in the world for all of us and there's not...
I don't think we should accept...
I think I implied that if you like electricity, you should hate black people and that's not
the case at all.
The opposite is the case.
If you like electricity, you should love...
Well, you shouldn't love anybody because of their color.
That would be as racist as if you hated them.
And you guys are from New York.
You know this.
Don't love people because of the color of their skin.
That's fucked up.
Like there are bad people who are different skin-wise.
And if you just love them for their skin, you're a racist.
And you will pay the price because they'll come to your house and go, hi, I'm purple
and everyone hates me.
And I come in your house and you'll be like, oh, no, I love purple people.
And then he's like, stab, stab, like you deserved it.
Are you running for the Republican nomination right now?
Because you're making a hell of a lot of sense over there.
All right.
Well, you know what?
I'm saying what they're thinking.
Is that guy going to win?
He's not going to win.
Okay.
All right.
Let's talk about that later.
Okay.
Is that the salt and the sodium?
So we're in the segment.
He's on target.
He'll never lose the target.
I get a little drunk when I come to New York.
Just two more things about me learning things when I'm 40.
So 42.
The soda is sodium.
Here's the new one.
You brought up courtesy flush.
So I never knew what courtesy flush meant.
I always thought it meant you poop and then you flush twice.
I was like, how is that a courtesy to anyone?
I never, I was like, do they mean like, because there's poop flakes in the water?
That's a courtesy?
If you poop and then what you see in the toilet.
This one goes out to the ladies in the house.
If what you see demands a second flush, that's not a courtesy.
That's gross.
And you should hate yourself and flush second time because there's extra poop because your
butt has more poop than a toilet.
That's what I thought courtesy flush meant.
Courtesy flush, as you already know, and I just learned, it means halfway through your
poop, you reach back and flush your poopus while you're still pooping.
I didn't know that.
I just learned that.
And I had to come to New York to learn that because New York has no, like, space.
You guys could have gone and seen Hamilton tonight.
You could have gone and, we're learning shit here at the Gramercy.
Because every place here, it's like, you know, it's a three foot bathroom.
Matt Dan, have you put the courtesy flush into play?
Have you used that now?
No, I haven't done it yet.
I'd safe to say at this age, I don't think I'll learn that habit.
But I'm still, I'm very charmed by the concept.
Okay, one more thing, and then we're done with this segment.
So here's, okay, so this is going to blow your fucking mind.
Buckle your holy shit belts, everybody.
I just found this out in the Rick and Morty writer's room.
So I'm not even sure how to, yeah, thank you, thank you, kids, thank you.
Yeah.
Oh, we're...
These people love writer's rooms.
Yeah, we're in that writer's room, we're working it up.
You guys are mostly topless, you guys are shirts off most of the time on that writer's
room.
Sure, whatever.
Yeah.
Okay, so this is fucking insane to me.
I don't, okay, so...
I have no idea where this is going.
Okay, so you guys know the catch phrase, nobody puts baby in the corner, in a corner, right?
So for the last five, eight years, like, I thought that line was from the movie Million
Dollar Baby.
She was in the corner a lot of that movie.
It makes sense.
I've never seen the movie.
Part of being a biker.
I know that Clint Eastwood teaches a Million Dollar Baby to fight.
And spoilers, I've never seen the movie.
I know she gets put in a corner and dies.
I know that.
I also know how death of a salesman ends, but I, like, I, because I have two reasons.
And when I walk you through this, you're going to go, Dan, I forgive you, and I'm actually
kind of mad at a society that did this to you.
The first thing is, I think this is just a distortion of my perception, because apparently
that line is from Dirty Dancing, which I've seen the one and a half times that we've all
seen it.
The first time through when you're trying to impress someone, and the half time when
you just fall asleep and you're hoping it holds up.
Absolutely apropos of absolutely nothing, Patrick Swayze walks up to Jennifer Gray and
says, nobody puts baby in the corner.
Isn't her dad that says that?
Her father says it about her.
Oh, all right.
The plot thickens.
Okay.
You know what?
Garbage movie, by the way.
Her dad says it about her.
Swayze says it about her, too, her dad.
I'm so glad we got this fucking sorted.
Drinks around the house, bar.
I think her dad says in the movie, he says, I don't want you dancing with that dirty dancer.
Go in the corner.
And then he goes over to her and he goes, I'm sorry, nobody puts baby in the corner.
By the way, your name's baby.
Get out of the corner.
So here's the thing, I saw that movie, I don't remember that line, I don't think it was a
big deal.
It was like Macaulay Culkin going like this, it's not like the point in the movie, this
is great, it's a dumb movie and that's just another dumb part of it, right?
No, it was a great movie.
Did anyone here write dirty dancing?
You did?
Okay.
These guys wrote it.
It's a dumb movie.
These two 24-year-olds wrote dirty dancing.
It's a dumb movie and honestly, anyone who wants to challenge me on that, I will ‑‑ like
I usually ‑‑
Who here is strong enough to do the lift and have Dan go up like Jennifer Gray?
Do we have somebody strong enough to do the lift?
No, we're going to do that down this aisle.
We're going to end the show with somebody doing the dirty dancing lift and going down
the aisle.
So here's the other thing that happened.
Remember this is the end with Seth Rogen?
So his buddy in the movie is in that million dollar baby movie, right?
So in the movie, Seth Rogen says to his friend, he says, I don't know, I don't know, I don't
know.
He says nobody puts baby in the corner and the guy kind of chuckles.
Like it's his way of seducing his friend into going to the Hollywood party.
And like so that guy was in million dollar baby and then Seth does that joke.
And so I ‑‑ that's what ‑‑
What was that guy in million dollar baby?
Wasn't he in that movie?
I don't ‑‑
Okay.
Well, I haven't seen it.
I may have also made that up because I haven't seen the movie so ‑‑ so I picture Colleen
Eastwood teaching Hillary Swank how to box and then that guy is like, hey, I love being
in the corner.
Let's move on.
But it's just ‑‑ I thought you'd enjoy that.
You can learn things after ‑‑
You promised that Mayans would be blown and I think you proved it.
I think ‑‑
Yeah, no, I think ‑‑
Yeah, I thought ‑‑ every time someone said nobody puts baby in the corner, I've
always pictured Colleen Eastwood talking to Hillary Swank on a hospital bed.
I never pictured Patrick Swayze talking to him.
What if he said that in that movie but he was referencing Dirty Dancing?
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, both movies, garbage.
You know?
Dirty Dancing is a game.
Dirty Dancing tackles abortion and tackles ‑‑
I wrote 28 percent of Monster House.
So if I tell you a movie is bad, you fucking listen to me.
Okay.
So I was masturbating today in the hotel room.
And I ‑‑
This is how most of Dan's stories start, by the way.
And I had a conference call.
I was like ‑‑
Is that why you started masturbating?
I was in the bed and I was like ‑‑ I want to masturbate and I thought of the person
that I wanted to masturbate to and Hillary Swank and I Googled around and I found the
image and I was like, okay, I'm going to ‑‑ okay, I'm masturbating.
And then there was a conference call and I was like, okay, but I'm going to masturbate
for five minutes and then I'll get on the conference call.
But then they changed the dial in number.
So then I was masturbating and there was like an intern calling me and she was on the phone
and she was going, hey, we changed the dial in number and I was like, I had literally
my penis in my hand and I was like, okay, well, can you ‑‑ okay, what's the ‑‑ she's
like, I'll e‑mail it to you, okay, but I don't really have a point in the story.
What it made me think of was she didn't know I was ‑‑ she didn't know she was talking
to a man that was like doing this ‑‑ I think if you're a woman and you call a man,
you should just have that assumption already in your head.
That's ‑‑ the guy is very likely the guy is jerking off on that call.
But when Erin ‑‑ my former wife, she worked at 1‑800 Dentist, she would say
she said a big part of her job was you would answer the phone and go 1‑800 Dentist and
then the guy would go, yeah, I want to get a dentist and a ‑‑ a dentist real bad.
Okay, sir, do you ‑‑ do you have an insurance provider?
What?
And it was like a big part of her job, it was like a prevalent thing.
There were guys that were like clearly masturbating and the idea of talking to a person.
But the thing that I don't ‑‑ they kind of ‑‑ because this happened to me and
I was like, oh, this person doesn't know that I'm kneeling in a New York hotel bed looking
at a photo of like a girl from a commercial.
What was the commercial?
I'm not saying.
Don't say 1‑800 Dentist.
I'm not saying because I have not verified her birth date and I ‑‑ those records
are sealed until we officially verify that she was born after 1980, whatever the cigarette
date is.
But like, believe me, she's on the bubble.
Jesus Christ.
Hey.
You know what?
You shouldn't have said it was flow from the progressive progressive.
I should have said lots of stuff, but I didn't.
I should have done ‑‑ the Wright brothers should have taken a car.
But they didn't.
I'm equating my horrible ‑‑ your late perversion to ‑‑
To the birth of the invention of flight.
And how did they know when they were out there going like, what if a car could fly?
How did they ‑‑ I bet people were driving by and going like, gross.
Go home to your wife.
Age inappropriate.
And they would have called out, you know, Taco Bell put her in the commercial for a
reason.
Oh, so we got it.
It was Taco Bell.
No, it's not.
I made that up.
I made it up.
No, I made it up.
We don't know that.
I made it up ourselves.
You were driven off to a Tawawa.
You were a Taco Bell girl.
You're not going to find her.
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you next week.
Tell us the commercial.
Your whole gimmick is full disclosure.
Tell us what commercial you were driven off to.
But my whole gimmick is not full disclosure if she's 17.
I saw the commercial.
I made a mental note of it.
I called her image up.
I'm a grown man, I'm in charge of my life.
NBCUniversal called up, he said,
I had my pants around my ankles,
I had my wiener in my hand, it's tiny, I'm powerless,
but I'm a bad person.
It's funny to me that there was a person
who was like an intern going like,
okay, hold on for, I'm giving you the thing.
And I'm like, okay.
So I was just thinking like,
so what happened, did you go and hold
and stop drinking after?
Did you continue?
Of course I stopped, it like shriveled,
but I, because I took,
but only because I was like,
I didn't go there in my head.
Because the person on the phone was over 17 years old,
is that why?
Jeff, you know, Jeff, you're, Jeff.
Am I connecting the wrong dots, damn.
Jeff, you're the bad person here.
Because what I was thinking was,
oh, this is interesting,
because I remember Erin's stories about
when she worked for 1-800-Dentist,
how there were the people who would call her,
I was like, they were clearly getting off on,
that the interesting thing to me is like the question of,
like there's some people who are,
they're getting off on the idea that you,
it's an assault, that they,
like, that they want you to know.
And then I started, I was like, wait,
but what if you, what if your thing was
that they didn't know?
What if you just called people and were like,
hey, I was wondering, should I get a new swimming pool?
Well, sir, I'm looking through my things
and the whole time you're jerking off.
Like, is that a fetish?
And how would you ever know?
You wouldn't, because that would be the whole point,
because the guy would be like,
and then you're like, hello?
I was like, I just love swimming pools.
It's not, I was just thinking, like, I didn't go there.
Dan, how many listens do we get on Harmontown
a month or a week?
Do you know?
What's the ballpark figures in there?
That's 10 million.
Okay, so we got to assume, there's at least-
Five million women.
And you're saying we just lost them.
No, I'm saying, if the number is over a million
and it's over a few million,
certain people are jerking off right as we speak right now.
How many people here at the Gramergy Theater
are currently jerking off in the shadows?
Well, that's nearly half of the crowd.
I love that.
Well, that's sort of the Pandora's Box,
I was hoping it was like-
How many people are jerking off?
Somebody's sitting next to them is the more important.
All right, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.
That matters more than anything.
Okay.
All right.
Uh...
If somebody brought me a drink over,
they can certainly be jerking off.
Salt stains, phone jerking, soda is sodium.
Nobody puts me in the corner.
Poop pants.
It says, poop pants, let's dance, Bowie.
Oh, because that was last night
and you were in a blackout drunk
and we were at a bar and let's dance was playing.
Let's dance and so I started singing poop pants
and then you were certain that tonight,
if we sang the song, let's dance,
but use the lyrics to poop pants,
that it would be podcast dynamite.
Yeah.
Sounds like I was...
Sounds like on paper I was right.
I believe so.
Poop pants, put on your brown shoes to match your pants.
All right, so no one knows.
Poop pants, let the poop go.
When I say run, that means I have the runs.
Yeah, that's my favorite part is that
when it goes into the like cosmic prayers,
it's like, when you poop, you poop your pants.
My ass feels like a flame.
Poop pants, put on your special brown shoes
so no one sees.
Poop pants, no one will notice
if you wear enough brown things.
I remember we were doing that drunkenly at a bar
last night and you said, Jeff, stop, sorry,
gotta write this down, gotta write it down.
Poop pants.
I did.
And you said, I'll never know what that means tomorrow.
I said, write down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, look what happened.
Write down David Bowie's last dance.
Okay, great, that worked really well.
Yeah.
Okay, so I don't suppose you have a 4-1-1 on this.
I just have the word sandwich.
The inventor of the sandwich.
Wait, what?
This is today, we were talking about the...
Woody Allen.
Woody Allen and either Side Effects are getting even
or one of his books,
not without feathers I don't think,
it was a bit about the role of sandwich,
you wouldn't think it was sandwich.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And you wrote it down and you're like,
oh no, I'm not gonna tell you,
not gonna tell you, not gonna tell you what it is.
You had something fucking good for the sandwich a bit.
Yeah, but I feel like, okay, so I guess Woody Allen...
Do we need our guest out here for this?
Well, yeah, we'll bring him out in a second.
Just let me get, okay, one more thing.
A guy called me, a guy mistook me in a bar today.
I was, I had my back to the guy
and he came out of the bathroom in the spring lounge
and he came out of the bathroom and he saw me from behind
wearing this jacket and he went, Mr. Grossman?
And I turned to him and he's like, oh, sorry.
And I was like, this is a big step for me.
Like, if you're 25, you're never mistaken for Mr. Grossman.
That's like a big, that's a threshold.
But whenever, even if your name's Shiv Grossman,
yeah, someone's gonna go, Shiv,
but like, I was mistaken today
for a man called Mr. Grossman.
And then I pressed the guy for details
and it's a cartoonist from the New Yorker.
So I was like, I'll take it, I'll take it.
I like it.
Now, do you Google his image?
Look, do you resemble Mr. Grossman?
No, I don't care.
He was calling you a gross man.
No, don't be silly.
You know what?
I don't know.
You're a terrible person.
Did you look at Mr. Grossman?
No, I didn't, because I'm not narcissistic.
I don't care.
I don't care what I look like.
I just thought it was fun, you know,
and you're racist and everyone's made of light.
Here we go.
I love millennials now, and I'll tell you why.
What do you love most about millennials?
I love them because like,
nothing's ever gonna go their way.
And I truly, like, I've come around,
I'm like, oh my God, these poor kids.
Like, I fucking love you.
Like, I'm so sorry.
Like, I actually wanna help you,
like, try to make the world right,
because it took me a while.
Please try to understand that I,
for the first 10 years that we met,
like, I thought you were just an asshole,
because you wanted all this stuff,
and it took me, and then I realized,
oh, you're never gonna get it.
And that makes me love you.
Like, I'm so sorry.
I love you.
Like, you guys really have your head in the right spot.
My generation was just like,
oh, let's just look at the floor,
and as long as we don't land on the moon
or be the Beatles, we'll be cool.
But you guys are like,
you should do everything different.
And I was like, yeah, you sound like Hitler to me.
And then, but then after a while,
they're like, you should do it all different.
You should do it different.
And I was like, but nothing different is happening.
And then I was like, aw, aw.
Aw, you little dickens.
You want everything,
nothing's ever gonna be different.
You love everything, the earth is burning to a crisp,
and you're just like, well, you should think me a brand.
And it's sad and beautiful.
Like, I'm on your side now
that I know you'll never win.
You're rude to me now.
How old is the oldest millennial?
Like, what's the current one in there?
According to Pepsi.
I swear, that's not a joke.
Like, I met with like a guy from Pepsi,
but you fucking like, shoot me.
Oh yeah, like, this is the millennial.
I hope you like Breaking Bad,
but I feel like like TV is like,
but if it's gonna be made good,
it's gonna be like corporations are gonna be making it.
Like Nike's gonna make TV.
Colgate's gonna make TV.
Pepsi's gonna make TV.
Don't groan, you fucking little pieces of shit.
You like it, you like your TV,
you like your free TV.
Ah, dear TV, I got offended today.
Not that, not like Orange is the New Black,
but I like the episode where there's too much orange in it.
Cause I'm an orange person,
and I don't like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Signed, no, no.
And then in your letter goes,
into a toilet called No One Gives a Fuck.
Thanks for your money, but I got sidetracked.
Truthfully, the truth is like Netflix is a corporation.
They may as well be Nike or Pepsi,
like they're just the first corporation
that noticed what you guys like,
and they're giving it to you, and that's a good thing.
Like Pepsi is very, very capable
of making great like fucking television.
Don't you laugh, sir, at our comedy show.
It will, don't you dare ever laugh.
Do you guys remember when Seinfeld told everyone
to stop laughing?
Cramer was racist, and then he was on Glitterman.
And then Cramer was like, I'm sorry,
he's got the hair, it's like, I'm not racist,
it's the thing, I love Afro-Americans.
And everyone's like laughing, and Seinfeld goes,
stop laughing.
It's not funny.
He's telling, oh, I'll take your word for it.
Seinfeld, what the fuck, what the fucking fuck is happening?
Cramer's apologizing for being racist on Glitterman.
Seinfeld's out there curating the apology.
When, let me know when I should laugh.
I don't want to be a bad person or anything.
Let me know when my involuntary reactions are appropriate.
Because I got to tell you, watching all this makes me go.
It's fucking funny if I laugh, period.
Sorry, that sounded like I was mocking you.
But I also, I don't trust you guys.
As a generation, New York, I love New York.
All right, everybody stop it, stop laughing.
It's not funny.
It's a bad show.
I came to New York and did a bad show.
Let's all go to Broadway, come on.
Let's bring out Dino.
Our next guest is a 10-year veteran of New York.
He's my best friend, he's...
Hi!
I'm sorry, I'm not Spencer.
Yeah, I mean, we're allowed to talk about Spencer, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
My voice is gone.
Really?
We did karaoke at one of those little, like,
St. Mark's sing-sing kind of joints
where you do karaoke.
Dino, you only did songs that were shrieking was involved.
Well, because I can't hit notes.
So I gotta scream them.
You do Pink by Aerosmith, better than Aerosmith,
as far as I'm concerned.
Because I sing it like this!
Oh, by the way, absolutely...
The worst lyric.
Worst written song, lyrically.
Pink.
Pink is...
Don't, don't, don't, don't...
I won't.
Like, I'm doing my impression of the song.
Pink is
in my
head.
Pink is a combination
of yellow and red.
Like, that's the lyrics.
Yeah, but that's...
Pink is kind of a flamingo.
Pink is my kind of lingo?
Very close.
That's very close to it.
Yeah, it's exactly right.
Fucking dumb.
If you wrote Pink for Aerosmith,
you're rich,
buy a gun and kill yourself.
Like, I have no...
I don't care.
I don't care if you're William Goldman.
In their defense, they weren't really trying.
No, exactly.
So kill yourself.
Like, do you know...
If you're 16 and you're thinking of suicide,
talk to someone.
If you wrote Pink, fucking pull the trigger.
If you wrote Pink for Aerosmith, kill yourself.
Because you're never going to.
My challenge to you is blow my mind.
Kill yourself.
Do the right thing.
And right in your suicide note,
I wrote Pink
for Aerosmith.
And I heard Dan Hyman.
I heard it, and you know what?
Thank you.
Because thank you, Dan Hyman,
for saying what society wouldn't say.
That I'm a dipshit.
And that I fucked
up.
That I used my gift to hurt people.
Because there's little kids listening.
Pink is a kind of color.
Pink is my kind of color.
I like Pink because I like that color.
When you're Pink,
it's a new color.
First of all, Pink is the color of
vaginas and penises.
Well, that's where Eric is in there.
That's the point of the song.
Pink cheered up to say all kinds of cool things.
Well, he did.
Pink is the color.
It's the bing on your cherry.
I don't like it.
That doesn't scan.
It's dumb.
You also sang Beast of Burden
by Rolling Stones last night.
Thank you.
Was it you that missed,
heard those lyrics a long time ago?
You thought it was something else?
I don't know.
I definitely missed her lyrics.
I'll never be your pizza burning.
I think that was weird Al-Yankovic.
No one knows
weird Al-Yankovic is trying to sing the actual song.
He's just an idiot.
He can't remember.
Carmen, today,
if you know the
backlog of Harmontown episodes,
but Dan is notoriously bad at telling jokes.
Take a bow.
You may have heard him mistell the duck joke,
the welder's mask joke, various jokes.
Dan, I told you the joke
about the guy that puked all over his shirt today.
You promised you would try to tell this joke today.
You laughed very hard at the bar.
You promised that you would say,
I'm gonna fucking do it.
Now,
while Dan conjures this up
in his memory and tries to get it right.
You want to tell the whole...
We already did.
I never listened to this show.
Can you give me a little hint about the guy puking?
The guy pukes in himself,
and he goes, I can't go home looking like this.
Oh, okay.
I got it.
It's a good joke.
Okay, I just made me laugh at that.
Grand Mz Theater, New York City,
you have my absolute firm conviction
without fear of contradiction.
Dan Harmon is gonna tell you this joke.
It's gonna be a goodie.
It's a great joke.
I would say this joke is nearly 180
or more years old.
It's a great old classic joke.
Okay, all right.
We take you to a bar
where a joke starts.
Don't tell them where they're going.
Okay, all right, so a guy...
I'm not gonna look at you.
A guy goes into a bar
and he goes,
I...
We'll be right back.
He goes, give me a drink
and the bartender goes, here's your drink
and then the guy keeps drinking
and then after a while he looks at his watch
and he goes, I got him so late
like I should have gone home
like to my wife
because I love her.
And the bartender goes,
are you gonna be in trouble
for going home late?
And the guy says, yeah.
And he goes like, here's a trick I've learned.
So take a...
Take this $20 bill.
That's weird
that he would give it to him.
Because
it seems like the guy after all
like he profited from the...
Can we help him or no?
No, no, no, no.
You don't have to mime it.
I'm on the retelling
I'm saying, I think this guy that we think is so stupid
in this story, I think he profited.
I'm not even sure
he's married, I think he made $20.
No, not the way Jeff told it.
So let me continue.
Tell him the funny way.
So the bartender says, take this $20 bill.
That's the part I'm hung up on.
That didn't happen.
Take a $20 bill.
Why does he give him a $20 bill?
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Take your own $20 bill.
Because why? Well, I'm getting to that.
I just got hung up. I thought the bartender was giving the money.
Take a $20 bill.
Fold it up.
I don't know why.
That's not a...
It is part of it.
Let him tell the joke, Dino.
It's part of it.
Fold it neatly and put it in your pocket.
Jeff likes talking.
No, it's part of it.
It is part of it?
No, it is part of it.
Fold it neatly?
I can't wait to find out
why it was part of it.
We still haven't found out why he gave it.
I'm enjoying drinking
and I'm
going home late to my wife
and the bartender says, let me tell you
what to do.
Take a $20 bill of your own
and fold it.
Neatly.
That part I don't get
but I swear to God, that's what he said.
Put it in your pocket.
When you go home to your wife
and she goes, why were you home
so late?
It's amazing.
Leave it.
I'm telling the exact joke.
Say to her,
say, I was at a bar
and a guy puked on me.
Oh!
You never said that.
It's
the joke
progresses linearly.
I never said it.
It's not like a crawl in the beginning.
A guy will puke on someone.
Everyone's like...
You're doing great.
Say to your wife,
a guy puked on me
and he felt so bad
that he gave
me this neatly folded $20 bill
to
go to a dry cleaner
to get the puke wash out of my shirt
and that's why I'm late
is because of the amount of time it takes
to get a shirt cleaned.
But also, when I went to the dry cleaner
for some reason I didn't use the $20.
Yeah, yes.
Which makes no sense
but that's not my fault.
Yes it is your fault.
It's a flawed joke
and my...
It's a flawed version of this.
And my passion for storytelling is revealing that.
I'm bad at telling jokes.
I didn't get to the punchline.
And so
the thing I found delightful
the thing I really liked
about the joke is what happens next.
It's that the
this fella goes home and here's the thing
about the joke is that you're cutting around
a thing that happens.
That part was intentional.
I'm just sad.
Because he goes home and he goes...
So the bartender told him all that stuff.
Said take the $20
and fold it and say this story.
A guy puked at me. How should he fold it?
Neatly or not neatly?
It's neatly?
So then in the joke you have to cut from that
to the guy going home.
Because you're cutting around
stuff that happens.
This joke takes 18 seconds to tell.
But the guy, you cut to the guy going home.
Like a hard cut.
But you're supposed to not know
how much time is passed.
That created community.
So he goes...
Because it takes a half hour to tell one joke.
That's why that show was...
That's what it was famous for.
How come the Big Bang Theory just told me
20 jokes in the same amount of time?
Why are we exploring this guy's autism
in a closet?
So the guy goes home
and he says to his...
And his wife says...
Okay, so I'm glad you're home.
Day 3 of this joke.
Very important. She's glad he's home.
And she goes...
Why are you so late?
And he goes...
Well, there was this thing that happened.
I had to take my shirt to the dry cleaner.
And for some reason I still have the
neatly folded money
that represents what happened.
And she goes...
Why is there $40 here?
And he says he also shit in my pants.
Still a good joke.
I will now tell that joke correctly.
Did they get the punchline wrong?
They didn't laugh.
Well, you didn't set it up right.
You didn't set it up.
The joke starts with the guy puking on himself drunk.
What?
The only way it makes sense.
A guy has had a bar.
He's been there all day, all night.
He's had so much to drink.
He barfs all over the front of his shirt and he just starts crying.
The bartender comes up and goes... Jesus Christ!
What the fuck is happening over here?
He goes... Look at me. I've been drinking all day.
I told my wife I'd be home hours ago.
The bartender goes... I'll tell you what you do.
Do you have a $20 bill?
He goes... Put it in your shirt pocket.
Fold it nicely.
Go home. Fold it neatly.
Put it in your shirt pocket.
You ran into an old friend from school.
He's gone through rough times.
You heard his whole story.
He got really drunk.
He puked all over your shirt.
He gave you $20 for the dry cleaning.
The guy goes... That's genius.
He walks home.
I heard that he's gone through some rough times.
He puked all over my shirt.
He gave me $20 for the dry cleaning.
The wife says, there's $40 here.
He said, well, he also shit my pants.
The joke has to start with the guy puking on himself.
Well, I didn't say he puked.
You never said it.
You gotta say it.
You never said the guy puked on himself.
Why would someone else shit his pants?
I mean, write a story circle
about this goddamn joke.
Pew!
Why were you so focused
on neat folding of the money?
I swear to God,
I wish I had a recording of you.
I told that joke exactly as I told it right now.
You were hungover though.
You were very hungover.
I admit to one thing
is that I forgot that he puked on himself.
Yes.
So let me just...
I was like, so a guy goes...
The attention to so many details.
You avoid him.
Dan Harmon will now tell you the joke I just told you.
A guy goes into a bar.
Let your bets right now.
He doesn't even have to go into the bar.
He's already there.
He gets so drunk, he's already there.
And he's been drinking all day.
And then he pukes on himself.
And he goes like, oh, God, I puked on myself.
I can't go home with puke on me.
And the bartender says, take this $20.
Take 20 of your own dollars.
And say to your wife,
like, yeah,
a guy puked on me, but he's
sorry and he gave me this $20.
And the guy goes, that's good. Cut to.
Cut to.
Because he said he walks home,
but if the camera's objective the whole time,
then you're not there when he shits his pants.
That's on you.
If you can fix this joke
and make him laugh harder, you're my hero.
I think he's doing it.
Cut to.
So the guy goes home and the wife says, what happened?
The person that puked on my shirt
gave me this money.
And she goes, okay, why is there twice
as much money as
the amount of puke?
And he goes, well, but also there's poop in my pants.
And he also wants
she to also watch
that to
be taken care of
as well.
Because he's an affluent.
Why is there twice as much money as the amount of puke?
Because wait, that's the truth!
That's the whole joke!
So put $20 and then she's like, why is there $40?
Because they pooped my pants.
Because the guy pooped in my pants.
Why is it like
it's not even...
That's the joke.
Thanks, kids.
I don't understand.
I don't understand why...
I understand that it's not funny when I say it,
but I don't understand what I'm doing wrong.
The guy puked in his pants
and then he sang to his wife.
I have twice as much money because I pooped my pants.
Here's my feeling.
Here's why I think that you're not great at telling joke jokes.
Also, why...
I don't know if you can connect why you're a good writer
and you're good at writing.
But you can write good stories.
More booze? Goddamn it!
You do want to come up here
and tell a joke?
Thank you, brother.
Sorry, Dan.
I was interrupted by...
People giving me alcohol.
Fucken. Cheers.
Cheers.
Here's why...
That was good.
I think that you're bad at telling jokes, Dan.
And this is...
You get caught up, not just in joke telling,
but I think in your interpersonal relationships,
you get hung up on details
that are not...
That aren't...
That get in the way
of the simplicity of a thing.
A proper joke should be
guy says this,
other guy says that, punchline.
Great, but okay.
Here's the thing about jokes that...
I always laugh at them when people tell them,
but the thing is when you look back on the joke,
everything has been about dishonesty
because everybody...
Because it's all about this matter.
When you laughed at my joke,
when I told you this joke today at the bar,
you laughed so hard you almost hit your hand on the floor.
I'll give you a nickel if you give me a dollar,
and then the guy gives me a dollar,
and then the guy starts sucking his dick,
and he goes, what are you doing?
I told you I'd give me a nickel if you give me a dollar.
It's like, a buck for a fucker.
You know, it's like...
There's some like...
There's some like turn of phrase that you're like,
oh, if the whole...
See, that's a good joke.
It's like a craftsmanship.
Because that's called Three's Company.
That's why when Mr. Ropers
like fixing the toilet,
and he thinks he hears Chrissy...
She's talking about a wart that she has.
It was a show called Three's Company.
And Mr. Ropers
plunging the toilet, and he can hear Chrissy
and Jack Tripper...
He never plunged the toilet.
He's dead now.
John Ritter,
National Treasurer, and he's dead now.
Yeah.
You feel as bad as you should.
And he hears her going like,
what? It's so big.
And he thinks she's talking about
like a baby in her stomach.
And he goes, it's so big.
Like his dick, at least.
Well, every episode of Three's Company
was like that. It was like somebody hearing something
and going, it's so big, it won't fit.
And they're like pushing a
box into a thing.
It's so big, I keep pushing it
harder. And then like
someone's in the outside of the room going...
And they're like, oh,
it's so big, I can't...
Well, put some lube
on it.
And that would be the whole episode.
And that's bad writing. That's bad writing.
Because if you're Spanish and you're watching that,
you're like, what is going on?
Why does that apply to this show?
I just go into the room, just go in the room
and confront them about their sexuality.
Yeah, but you...
If you're so concerned with it, stop
looking at the camera.
I understand that.
Go down there and do something about
what you're excited about.
Go talk to them.
Like Mr. Roper thought they were having an abortion.
In the episode where
he's fixing the sink
and that's literally
the truth is the joke of the episode
is that Mr. Roper thought that Chrissy
was going to have an abortion.
Because she's going, oh, it's so big,
it's in my stomach and I can't...
She was talking about a wart and John
Jack Tripper's going, well, I heard
a doctor said if you rub a lemon on it
and Mr. Roper's like...
But he thinks there's human life
at stake and he doesn't intervene.
And that's bad writing.
Because there's California law that says
he's not allowed to enter their apartment.
Well, he shouldn't be listening to them
through their sink.
Because if your comedy is
based on word
and misunderstanding words
it's not good comedy.
It's like, oh, I thought you said fudge.
You said pudge.
That's not funny.
That's not this joke, either.
It is, because the guy's like...
I slipped in a pussy.
No, I thought you said pussy.
You love this, Joker.
I liked it, but now I'm mad at it.
You laughed at the proper telling
of a simple three act play of a joke.
Well, I'm just saying...
You're mad because you're finally not good at something.
Yeah, well, so what?
I'm not good at a dumb thing. It's dumb.
But you want to be able to tell a joke?
No, a guy goes...
A lobster goes into a bar.
A lobster goes, shut up!
I'm going to tell it.
A lobster goes into a bar
and he goes like, can I...
Before he even finishes talking
the bartender goes, get the fuck out of here.
Get out of here!
And the lobster goes, oh, he's bummed out
and he leaves, and then there's another guy
at the bar who was there before the lobster came in
and he saw the whole thing and he goes
like, what the fuck was that about?
And the bartender goes, he goes, what was that?
What's the history
between you and the...
And the bartender goes,
that guy, he always comes in here
and it's always like this.
And then for you
for you listening it's
he's making a claw
thing.
That was close.
That was an improvement on your version today.
I'm so irritable right now, I feel...
You know when...
It's okay to be bad at something.
You have to be good at everything.
Your attention to detail really
accentuated itself when we went
on the Halloween Haunt ride
Hey Ride
And
you know
it was just a hey ride
and it takes
you through different spooky moments.
But Dan
is like breaking it down.
It takes you through different spooky moments.
He's going through the story circle
of this goddamn ride.
He's like
is that a setup
to that? I'm like, no, it's just spookiness.
But you had to break it down.
No, but nothing was spooking in.
But nothing was...
I'm not dumb.
Like I understood that the hey ride
was taking you through different spooky scenes.
I was thrown
by the tonal incompatibility.
This is not...
I'm not like a logic guy.
I'm saying I was thrown
by the tonal asymmetry
of in the middle
of the Haunted Hey Ride
which was festooned with
verbal goblins
and gimlets and goobas
going like
everyone's going
and then one guy in the middle of it
in what was the most expensive
scene
because there was like a Cadillac
and there was a 60 song, a needle drop playing
like the Supremes were playing
and everyone was speaking English
and it was a period piece.
That's weird because everyone
after it was like I'm Jack Skelling Boober
but they didn't say that.
They weren't speaking English, they were going
goobagoo, goobagoo
and then there was one guy going like
oh hey, oh hey
you didn't see
anything, did ya?
And everyone was like so uncomfortable
because he was like talking to people.
It was also after he shot somebody in the back of the head
in the back of his car.
I think that's what made everyone uncomfortable.
Well yeah, also
not the story logic.
Well because obviously
also society's consciousness
has shifted and you
you'd be dumb to
it's okay to be frustrated by that
but you'd be a fool to not understand that
I was in the cab and I clicked on one of those ads
because
there's a story about the Bloomingdale's
did you guys see the Bloomingdale's ad thing?
Did you guys know? Because it's in the cab.
This is my favorite joke.
It's the Bloomingdale's holiday
catalog. It's obviously
just like a fucking clusterfuck
of corporate
sales teams.
They take a bunch of pictures of
what?
Is this the thing you were jerking off to earlier?
Come on Jeff.
I will tell you guys, I swear to God
tomorrow night I will tell you I'm going to google her tonight
and make sure she's 18.
And then I'll tell you her name.
It's not AT&T
I know that girl
and I'm offended on her behalf
that is a friend of mine
that lady
is a human being
the possibly underage girl
I'm talking about is from a completely different commercial
God damn it, why did you
distract me with that?
Oh the Bloomingdale's
he's kind of guy
he's a robin thick looking guy
they photograph people at different times
and they're all against a white backdrop
and there's like
someone's job is to put copy
on every page of the Bloomingdale's catalog
so it's like there's a lady
in a champagne glass
with new pumps going like
man!
And it says cheers to
feeling alive
somebody's job is just like
diarrhea words onto a page
and it's like someone else is taking the picture
and there's no communication between these departments
nobody's trying to send a signal
and then there's like
a page in the Bloomingdale's catalog
so it's like a woman
going
and she's like excited to be looking at something
other than what
anything other than the guy next to her
and then like three feet from her
is like this robin thick
like a stubble guy
and they're both in kind of like casual
like business
business holiday party wear
and the guy's glaring at her
and
she's going and the guy that wrote
the copy or lady
equals equals
I'll bet you any money
like a 50% chance this dumbass was a woman
um
whoever wrote the copy
wrote it's just like it's just this copy
that's like stylized offset
sexy copy it's like the picture
but the problem is
it's a woman going
and the copy says
spike your
best friend's eggnog when she's not
looking
and everybody's like
what in the
rape
are you selling me
what am I
why am I supposed to buy pants now
and there's no heroes
or villains of the story it's just kind of
interesting it sounds like there's at least
one villain in this
I definitely guarantee you
that nobody thought
this is hilarious because someone's going to have
non-consensual sex
I bet you a million dollars
nobody ever thought that
I'm sure someone was like
like I bet that person
I'll bet you another million dollars
that the person wasn't looking at the photos
wasn't looking at those photos
the person whose job it is to write a bunch of
copy
they were just writing garbage
that they're just going like
they were told to write 50 things
that are like naughty
sexy holiday
things
hang your stockings where you
where you sex
pussy
hang your stockings where you sex pussy
I don't work in advertising
I assume it's not that easy
spitballing
yeah spike your best friends
the truth is
hang your stockings where you're sex pussy
the reason I brought it up is
why did I bring it up
because we are living in a world
and I think this is a good thing
where everybody's hyper focused on this stuff
and it's like yeah
what is my point
I don't know what my point is
can we tell a couple IO stories
you did already
oh you did
do you want to tell this one
or is that too personal
well what are you going to tell
well you kind of have to
well what is it
well go ahead
we got to do pre interviews more
yeah go ahead
this better be about chubby chase
he's showing a picture
go ahead what is it
what is the story is that I sent you that picture
and I showed it to IO
and I said here's Dan's new girlfriend
and she looked and she's like
wow that she is really hot
wow
looks a little
looks a little fake though
it's a mannequin
get a shot of this
who took the photo
it is the hottest girl
I've ever seen in my life by the way
you showed me that photo
you see the girl that Dan's banging
right now and it's a mannequin
come on
it's a national mannequin
yeah well obviously it's a mannequin
I think
she's hot man
yeah well there's no ugly mannequins
you never go through
a target and go
don't scroll past any
of them
it's your funeral
it's your fucking funeral
scroll fucking left all the way
you're gonna see a lot of dick pics
lots of dino dick pics
I tell you that's right
really fucking do it
give me my fucking phone back
oh you can't pick
oh dear wow
I thought you were
did you
do you know
you were telling me
you were like oh I gotta
delete some of my pictures
because I have
so many
sex movies
and I was like really
I said you have sex movies
on your phone
and he's like yeah
don't you
no I don't
and I was like
oh well I do
there's so many
that fill up your whole phone
and I'm like oh
and I can't remember if I was like
did I say can I see one
I think so yeah
and looking back on it
I got what I deserved
well can I see one
and you're like yeah
do you know
that's the punchline
and he goes like
really you want to see one
and I'm like well yeah why not
it's good enough for you to be on your phone
and
yeah I guess I would like to see it
and he's like okay
and he hands me the phone
and it's
a woman that I know
because it's
someone that
slept with Dino
and it's like
it's a movie
having sex and I'm like
that's Rebecca from marketing
yeah it's a sex movie
and I thought
it would be a French
thing with like Amelie or something
I thought it was
like a porno on your phone
that's why I was asking
to be fair I did
submit it to Cannes
but
I thought
that you thought that I was asking to see
a movie of you
making love
I really thought our friendship reached a level
that like whoa okay we're going to share
but I could get a little help
it's just her
it was directed by Michelle Gondry
it was a good movie
it was gorgeous
Dino
can we talk about
your upcoming rendezvous
on Sunday?
yeah I don't care
whatever
Dino
has an ability to do things
that I think we should all aspire to
I think we
in moments in your life
I don't know the story
this is act one
this is fade in on the story
Dino
has a threesome lined up
and he showed me photos of one of the girls
fucking wow
and like it's going to be
and she's a nightmare
and you said that the one that's a nightmare
is going to be submissive
to the other girl
who hates her
and you said that girl you hate
you're going to beat you
and it's going to be
yeah it's very intricate
I'm not sure how it's going to work out
it's a math problem
but these girls aren't pals
they're not friends
are they acquaintances?
yeah they're acquaintances that's how they hate each other
okay
can we talk about the fact that you
there was a point where you
you were
seeing a
sex worker
it's okay man it's okay
she was
she
and then
what is happening you okay?
can we call 911?
the sex worker was emailing Dino
and saying
can you tell it?
yeah I think so
Dan you tell it you're going to do this
this is crazy
Dan is definitely I'm not a good storyteller
but I think he's nerdy
I think I'm a very gifted storyteller
but I want to get the
story right
so the way I remember the story
is shut up
I'm sorry
this is about redemption
Dino had a relationship
with a sex person
well I was dating this girl who was very submissive
let me tell the story
she was very submissive to me
and I was like
and then I remembered this
dominatrix who
wanted to have a baby
with me and I'm like
it's the ultimate domination
yeah
35 years
of college tuition
oh believe me
so this dominatrix
cut me off she's like I don't want to see you anymore
you know
she got emotionally involved with me
and so
I started dating this other girl
and I said hey would you like to go see a dominatrix with me
and she said yes
and I said can I start an email account
and put your picture on it
and pretend I'm you
and
she lured the dominatrix
that didn't want to see you anymore
but wait I'm not
the worst guy in the world you'll see
there's that worst person in this story
he gets worse and everybody gets worse too
so
I'll pretend I'm you
and you're going to say to her
you want to have
a threesome with
her and this other guy
and you're going to describe someone
who looks very much like me
and you say can you get this guy
like some guy
like the dominatrix
it's not any set person
it's like she's just describing a guy
that she would like in her fantasies
and so I start emailing the dominatrix
because the girl said okay
and I said ask her
yeah I'm looking to date this guy
like a tall kind of
greasy
you know
kind of Italian
Turkish dancing around the Greek thing
like
right around Greece
right around the
not Macedonian
not Moroccan
do you know anybody like that
if you hit Malta
you went too far south
just something that generally
feels swarthy
with a lot of ruins
I'd like his columnist to be Ionic
so
that's not, no
I disapprove
I thought it was worth a chuckle
not a plaza, not a bow
wait now he's leaving
there was a gunshot
there was a single gunshot
and we spent the rest of our lives
coming
back
so I describe myself
what I think is to a T
and she says
she writes me back
but really the girl
so I just want to
clarify
this ain't
you've got mail kids
he's typing to
his former dominatrix
pretending to be
a young lady
with money saying
I want to fuck an ugly guy
do you know any
and he's
the one typing to her
and the reason why he can't deal with her in person
is because she wanted to have a baby and you did not
but I thought maybe
cause she knew like I'm into experimenting
and being into threesomes
so she wrote me back
immediately and said
got the perfect guy for you
sends a picture
this
opposite of just
no hairs
really skinny bald guy
I'm not saying that's gross
I know you're making
a comment that I'm gross
that guy's from Queens
I learned from
you say a specific area and everyone laughs
that guy's from Queens
sounds like someone's
from Manhattan island
actually
actually I'm telling
it in reverse that was the second picture
the first picture was like a really good looking
guy really fit and I had to
write back a no he's way too good looking
I want a
I want a scummy or
now Swarthi
I used Swarthi the first time around
now it's got to be like
scummy sleazy just a gross
kind of out of shape
guy and then she sends me
the other skinny bald guy and I'm like
too short
more hair but like
just an uglier guy
I got a shit all over myself now
in order to try and
pinpoint me
just so the fun can begin
so I can start having some fun
I want his last name to have five syllables
I want him to sound like an invisible creature
from Sesame Street
I want him to sound like someone
only Big Bird could see
Stemilophagus
so the third picture
is me from community
and I'm like this guy
is perfect
and I'm trying to like go at
LOL and just trying not to
talk like me
rough
this guy is great
doing your best impression of an unhealthy person
of an idiot
mustering
if I could get into the head of a crazy person
that would be amazing
are you keeping the girl whose account
you're pretending to be
she's in Italy at this point
she said do whatever you want
that's her turn on
some people out there
they get turned on by identity
they actually
they go to ATMs
and they
they
they do their
ATM
transactions sideways
they neatly fold their ATM card
so I say perfect
perfect perfect
this guy is perfect
so
so then I get an email
Dino gets an email from the
Dominatrix saying
get a load of this
LOL
literally
this girl wants
to have a fucking thing with someone like you
you were the first person I thought of
LOL
the tip off to the rip off
that's really the best ending
we ended up
there were a couple little
oh well I had to
what was the first encounter
she didn't say I want to be clear
there's more because I had to
she's
she wrote back to the girl
me and said
I'm going to need some money up front
and I said oh you know
my car just got towed and everything
my credit cards
and she said sure
and then she wrote Dino me back and said
this person is asking for cash I think it's a guy
LOL
this guy
this guy doesn't want to give
I don't think he's going to
send me cash you know
I've got an instinct for this kind of thing
so I
you know I'm actually at community
and Ken Jeong walks by
and I'm trying
I'm trying to write
on the envelope and like really
female writing
and I'm like Ken does that look
like a woman wrote it and he's like
what I don't know
yeah I guess so
why and I tell him the whole story and he's like
alright you're fucked up man
LOL
I love the idea that
this guy just said like a lady writing
why
I told him all this
did you have a white beard when you finished
like that's a long
story yeah
well like I said I don't know
LOL
yeah
so anyway so I send the letter off
in a couple days later she writes Dino
back the dominatrix and says
good news got
got the money
handwriting looks feminine
LOL
swear to god
speaking of gender
roles good segue
is Jane here? is our old friend Jane?
who?
where's Jane?
Jane are you here? do you want to come up?
do you have cold feet? do you want to come up?
she's in New York
and
uh
this is Jane
that brings the earth shine
and it's a glass blowing
scientist
Hi
how you doing?
what's up Jane?
hello
so I haven't talked to you
I'm excited to talk to you because
I'm going to take you through what I understand
and maybe I'm going to be
way off base because I'm an idiot
but there was a period of time
there where it was like
originally I was like
oh you're our friend and you're trans
and you talk to us
and by the way
not to get sidetracked by this
but you deserve a purple heart for
all of the role that you've played
being a good kind person
and all of my fracas and ups and downs
with like
the most
important thing in the world
just being a good kind
smart person
enabled like I think
listeners of the show especially me
to like work through the fucking confusing
morass that we've been living through
the last eight years of culture
not to be insensitive
but um
I can't believe your first question wasn't
did you find my story
a turn on or what
219 do you know
room 219
nice callback
so Jane
not just being a person
who exists in a
glass cabinet that's our transgender friend
that could talk about transgender stuff
actually has her own life
where you're like some kind of like
James Bond of glass blowing
where
you developed new ways to blow glass
and stuff and we're a local hero
in your own industry and community
right?
okay
you can go there if we want to
so there was a point
you had been on the show a couple times
we talked frankly and probably
ignorantly about
this emerging
sensitively and with great questions
I'll get it
and then there's me
we've never talked before
where you were succeeding
just as a professional
as a scientist you were succeeding
I remember
just something about what you were tweeting
and what you were saying made me think
that there was something happening
that was like a challenge and you balancing
your professional life
with your transition
it's a very common thing
that has to happen
because a transition
it's a transition
it's a time thing
and when you're in between
I'm in between
make some choices
about
where are you going to be
who you are and where are you going to be who you were
because every single
tax form
bathroom, sign
everything is based on
you exist within a culture
and that culture makes
certain demands on
what we talked about in Toronto last year about
society is a system
and systems are all about reducing energy
expenditure
in order to...
you heard it, system
system, I hate systems
I hate system
you're about reducing energy piece of shit
what's that, James?
I agree
system's not here, system doesn't listen to this fucking show
people listen to this fucking show
yes
systems run in
fear of this show
and Hispanic people
I don't know why
that's not my choice
the idea of
the idea of Harmontown
some of the original conceit about
is it going to be 100 people, is it going to be 300 people
are they all going to be up at Moon Moon or VIP Moon
are you going to have enough people for you to go to the
Dock O'Cart?
you mean that premise that we ditched three episodes in?
but that we all hold too very dearly
going back to it because I hate everybody
but that idea
people that are Harmontown fans
still
I think we all agree on the idea
that we all connect
the possibility of something better
whatever that might be
and I think a lot of it is that it's system free
I mean it's the idea that
don't be a dick, give more than you take
that
there's a point where if you get the number
of people down small enough
you can exist without a system, you can have
a communal type of governance going on
an anarchal type of governance going on
but you get to a certain size
you get to a certain point where
you have to start dealing with the lowest common
denominators
who are going to drag things down
you have rules to accommodate for people
who aren't going to fit and who are going to be dicks
and
that's where laws come in
laws are about reducing
not because any individual is that dumb
but because in mass
we effectively become that dumb
statistics start to take over
and people are allowed to drop down
Jane, where do you
aside from the fact that you do nothing
but interesting stuff and make fantastic booze
that you give me
she makes fucking earth shine
that will wipe you out
Do you guys see the stuff backstage?
Oh my lord
Do you guys know about it?
Let's bring it out
Wow, I think
the feds are going to be honest in a minute
Oh, there it is
So
this is something new
this is something new and shout out to Jenna
Dustin was hoarding it
Shout out to Jenna
This is Falconer's Blend
Who's under Falconer?
On Twitter
something gal said
So Jenna is now the official Falconer
of Harmontown
If I hold my wrist up
with a Falcon land on my arm right now
It's a hawk, she's got a hawk
and a Kendrick, which is awesome
So
Jenna is a homesteader
up in the Adirondacks
She lives alone and is trying to make it
as a farmer
She's got sheep, she's got pigs
She's got a hawk
So that's authentic transgender whiskey
Trans-Asterisk
Before we go any further
We have a hard-out at 8.30
That's two minutes away
Oh shit, fuck
Yeah, I can't
Fuck you, Bill Burr
I can't believe I wasted
time on that dumb joke
Alright, well, Gene
Like I said, what's going on with you
because it's near you
Hey, Gene, what's the goal?
My question was like
If transitional
I'm ignorant as it can possibly be
If you're going through a transition
What stage do you think you're at
and what do you think is at the end
So if
30 years ago, so I'm 51
You and I are the older ones
I think we're the oldest people in town
Oh shit, the trans don't crack
But
The
So 30
30 years ago, the goal was
totally femme
I wanted to be Madonna 30 years ago
Who did
Yeah, who doesn't
I'm still trying
But you know
That was the first video I masturbated to
One minute
People's focus changes
Your goals change, your comfort changes
And I've found actually
that where I'm sitting about right now
Hello
Is actually really a comfortable spot
I have a huge
huge number of people that I know
that I work with every day at my job
who know me as Gene
I have lots of friends online
who
I am accepted
for who I am
Even though I don't have
I haven't had bottom half surgery
I'm not wearing women's clothes
I think that's bullshit, because I'm not
Gramercy Theater so much, I mean we have to leave
We're so set
Let's all hang out backstage and drink
Gene's wonderful moonshine
Hey Jane, will you come back tomorrow?
Let's thank Dino Stamatopolous
Can you come back tomorrow?
Jane Cook
Everybody here at the Grammarcy
More importantly
All of the heroes
Who brought me alcohol throughout this show
I owe you all drinks and tenfold
Take it all your way stuff
Make sure to go to your bar
Tip these people and make them senseless with money
We'll see you next time everybody
Drive fast and take chances
Everyone escape your dichotomy tonight
You fucking assholes
Stop thinking you're one thing or another
And be whoever you are
Did you sing that? Make me sexy
Ershine Jane
Jane
Come back tomorrow night
It's a different show
There's actually believe it or not no script
So it's a different show
Come back tomorrow
Did you get any of that?
It's a different show